group/index.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Group"
date: 2015-07-15
modified:
excerpt: "Collaborators."
tags: []
image:
  feature: Dolomites_1500x500.jpg
  teaser: Default_400x250.jpg
---

I've been lucky enough to collaborate with some amazing PhD students and postdocs. I can only hope they learned as much from me as I learned from them.

{% include toc.html %}

## Current Students and postdocs

Louis Kinnear | Links | Soil weathering fluxes and clay formation rates as a function of erosion.
Guillaume Goodwin | Links | Salt marsh evolution. 
Noorzalianee Ghazali | Links | Mangrove change.
Boris Gailleton | Links | Tectonic evolution of the Carpathians and topographic analysis. Co-supervised with Hugh Sinclair
Marina Ruiz Sanchez-Oro | Links | Machine learning and neural networks to detect landslides, floods and forest change.
Donny Wahyudi | Links | Tectonic geomorphology

## Current visitors

Wang Yanzai | Links | Soil erosion and tectonic geomorphology
Yan Luobin | Links | Evolution of sandstone landscapes


## Former PhD students, postdocs and researchers

Lyndsay Callaghan | Links | PhD in 2012. Vegetation and landscape evolution. Now an environmental consultant with JBA. 
Martin D. Hurst | Links | PhD in 2013. Hillslope and coastal gemorphlogy. Now lecturer Glasgow University. 
David T. Milodowski | Links | PhD in 2015. Vegetation, topographic analysis, lidar, gemorphlogy. Now PDRA at Einburgh University. 
Stuart W.D. Grieve | Links | PhD in 2016. Hillslope geomorphology, natural hazards, topographic analysis. Now lecturer at Queen Mary University London
Fiona J Clubb | Links | PhD in 2017. Topographic analysis, hydrology, landscape evolution, geomorphology. Now assistant professor at Durham University
Calum Bradbury | Links | Masters by research in 2018. Controls on channel steepness in the Himalyas. Now environmental consultant in New Zealand. 
Dan Hobley | Links | Postdoc in 2013, on project with Hugh Sinclair. Numerical modelling, landscape evolution, planetary geomorphology, sedimentology. Now lecturer at Cardiff University
Marie-Alice Harel | Links | Postdoc in 2015. Cosmogenics, landscape evolution, and hillslope hydrology. Now an illustrator. 
Declan Valters | Links | Landscape evolution, hydrology. Declan was an MEarthSci student at Edinburgh and during his PhD at Manchester and as a research software engineer helped develop LSDTopoTools.

<div class="tiles">
{% for post in site.categories.group %}
  {% include post-grid.html %}
{% endfor %}
</div><!-- /.tiles -->

Commit message:

Updates to the group page

group/index.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Group"
date: 2015-07-15
modified:
excerpt: 
tags: []
image:
  feature: Dolomites_1500x500.jpg
  teaser: Default_400x250.jpg
---

I've been lucky enough to collaborate with some amazing PhD students and postdocs. I can only hope they learned as much from me as I learned from them.

{% include toc.html %}

## Current Students and postdocs

Louis Kinnear | [Profile](https://www.ed.ac.uk/geosciences/people/person.html?indv=4127) | Soil weathering fluxes and clay formation rates as a function of erosion.
Guillaume Goodwin | [Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=Or3grvoAAAAJ) [Profile](https://www.ed.ac.uk/geosciences/people/person.html?indv=4505) | Salt marsh evolution. 
Noorzalianee Ghazali | [Profile](https://www.ed.ac.uk/geosciences/people/person.html?indv=4433) | Mangrove change.
Boris Gailleton | [Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=r5HIc00AAAAJ) [Profile](https://www.ed.ac.uk/geosciences/people/person.html?indv=5391) | Tectonic evolution of the Carpathians and topographic analysis. Co-supervised with Hugh Sinclair.
Marina Ruiz Sanchez-Oro | [Profile](https://www.ed.ac.uk/geosciences/people/person.html?indv=13531) | Machine learning and neural networks to detect landslides, floods and forest change.
Callum Strong | [Profile](https://www.ed.ac.uk/geosciences/people/person.html?indv=11090) | Evolution of African drainage systems. Co-supervised with Mikael Attal and Hugh Sinclair.
Justine Domingo | [Profile](https://www.ed.ac.uk/geosciences/people/person.html?indv=7001) | Sediment and pollutant transport in the Philippines. Co-supervised with Mikael Attal and Bryne Ngwenya.
Donny Wahyudi | [Profile](https://www.ed.ac.uk/geosciences/people/person.html?indv=12284) | Tectonic geomorphology. Co-supervised with Hugh Sinclair.

## Current visitors

Wang Yanzai | Links | Soil erosion and tectonic geomorphology.
Yan Luobin | [Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=_ASOJmAAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao) | Evolution of sandstone landscapes.


## Former PhD students, postdocs and researchers

Lyndsay MacCleary (nee Callaghan) | [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lynsey-macleary-a0b3633b/?originalSubdomain=uk ) | [PhD in 2012](https://era.ed.ac.uk/handle/1842/6213). Vegetation and landscape evolution. Now an environmental consultant with JBA. 
Martin D. Hurst | [Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=9--6x5sAAAAJ&hl=en) [Profile](https://www.gla.ac.uk/schools/ges/staff/martinhurst/) | [PhD in 2013](https://era.ed.ac.uk/handle/1842/12228). Hillslope and coastal gemorphlogy. Now lecturer Glasgow University. 
David T. Milodowski | [Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=ay1R3UgAAAAJ&hl=en) [Profile](https://www.research.ed.ac.uk/portal/en/persons/david-milodowski(0130326f-fa97-48ed-843b-7bcc72e89065).html) | [PhD in 2016](https://era.ed.ac.uk/handle/1842/20438). Vegetation, topographic analysis, lidar, gemorphlogy. Now PDRA at Edinburgh University. 
Stuart W.D. Grieve | [Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=LnCvUwwAAAAJ&hl=en) [Profile](https://swdg.io/) | [PhD in 2016](https://era.ed.ac.uk/handle/1842/25398). Hillslope geomorphology, natural hazards, topographic analysis. Now lecturer at Queen Mary University London
Fiona J Clubb | [Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=LnCvUwwAAAAJ&hl=en) [Profile](https://fclubb.github.io/) | [PhD in 2017](https://era.ed.ac.uk/handle/1842/28817). Topographic analysis, hydrology, landscape evolution, geomorphology. Now assistant professor at Durham University
John Preston | [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-preston-61b76a22/?originalSubdomain=uk) | [PhD in 2017](https://era.ed.ac.uk/handle/1842/31430). Coastal landscape evolution and Vikings. Now environmental consultant. 
Calum Bradbury | [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/calum-bradbury-gis/?originalSubdomain=nz) | Masters by research in 2018. Controls on channel steepness in the Himalyas. Now environmental consultant in New Zealand. 
Dan Hobley | [Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=kJ13b-kAAAAJ&hl=en) [Profile] | Postdoc in 2013, on project with Hugh Sinclair. Numerical modelling, landscape evolution, planetary geomorphology, sedimentology. Now lecturer at Cardiff University
Marie-Alice Harel | [Profile](http://www.maharel.com/) | Postdoc in 2015. Cosmogenics, landscape evolution, and hillslope hydrology. [Now an illustrator](https://www.etsy.com/uk/shop/maharelillo). 
Declan Valters | [Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=0OIHQmIAAAAJ&hl=en) [Profile] | Landscape evolution, hydrology. Declan was an MEarthSci student at Edinburgh and during his PhD at Manchester and as a research software engineer helped develop LSDTopoTools.
